---
layout: post
title: "2026 q1 update"
date: 2026-04-17 08:00:00
description: "2026 q1 update"
---

q1 is over.



a tad bit late to the party but here's a quick update since my last post from q1.



first off i'm happy & sad to admit it out loud that i'm no longer actively seeking employment at this point. ofcourse this comes with its own weight but i guess i can carry that for now. times may change but i'll deal with that when that happens. nothing is written in concrete anyway.



secondly, i wanted to emphasize my renewed love for building stuff - be it something i can lay my hands on, or something that runs virtually. ofcourse this isn't something new per se, but the fact that i can do, say & enjoy it with more conviction than ever gives it a brand new perspective. so i guess i'm a builder now - a lazy builder i might add - but a builder nonetheless. 



on a similar note, i (hardly) managed to apply 2 apps to production this past quarter. one currently sits at 2 daily active users (really sad), and the other one was rejected by the platform (even more sad). more on that later maybe, or maybe not idk. the best performing app is at 18k monthly active users so that's been taking most of my focus. overall gross revenue is at a solid 2x since q1 - which is only 33% of this year's soft goal. i'm a bit sad that growth might stall from the next quarter but no one is behind my back making quarterly targets so i'm good. milestones & deliverables? i'm sorry what's those?


finally, about being more physically active - i'm onto it. i've been more out this last quarter than the entire year of 2025 - and that's not even for the record.



i shall now continue to do what i've been doing.



adios.



```
"You're going to pay a price for every bloody thing you do and everything you don't do. You don't get to choose to not pay a price. You get to choose which poison you're going to take. That's it." 
- Jordan B. Peterson.
```













